Hey, good morning, family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us again today.
I told Diana yesterday we got to do a prayer video for the family.
There's a lot of you that like to pray with us, and we're so grateful for every single one of you that you would want to come and pray with us.
You know, there is a lot to pray about.
We're in the month of September, and we had the eclipse last night, and that was a major deal.
You know, whenever you see it go over Jerusalem, you see it go all over the Middle East and all that.
I said, "My goodness, isn't it amazing, the signs of the times of the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, that we will see signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, and they're coming, they're unfolding right in front of our face.
" And it's amazing to see all that.
Another thing that I thought was really cool, y'all, was Russia comes out and says that we have a vaccination for cancer, a cure for cancer to eliminate cancer.
They want to start it in trials from what I understood.
You told me about it.
I mean, what was it about?
I think it went through clinical trials and they're going to start testing it on people.
Testing it on people.
Yeah.
Now folks, that's exactly what we prophesied.
That's what the Lord gave us.
How many weeks ago?
2024.
Then He told us about it again in 2023.
He's been bringing it up, saying, "Don't forget.
I'm going to eradicate cancer.
It will become a thing of the past.
" What cancer was like, a plague, like something that was really deadly, like tuberculosis was in the 1800s.
You know, it was something that if you got it back then, it was a death sentence.
Yeah.
Cancer is one of those things that will become like TB, a thing of the past.
You don't hardly hear about it anymore.
And if you do, they have medications and stuff for it to kill it.
The Lord showed me that cancer would become just like this, that it would be a sign of AI, the new industrial revolution, of an advancement of technology for you to trust it—a way for you to trust it to say, "Hey, it's our friend," to desensitize you.
And so, because a lot of people say, "Well, they'll lose billions of dollars, if not trillions of dollars, in cancer treatments and all the things if they come out with a cure," I said, "It will be a preventative and a cure of any type eventually.
" And that it will be something that you can get almost over the counter, like an aspirin.
It will become that accessible that you can just go and get it like a pill and take it.
Well, we're already seeing something in Russia, of all places.
The one that's the big bad bear right now is saying, "Hey, we have the cure for cancer.
" And I thought, "Well, that won't stand.
Where's America?
" You know, I know we have one because I've seen it being suppressed and saying, "We don't want that out yet" because they make so much money.
It's crooked.
But as Russia comes out and says this, what will happen now?
Because I saw that the enemy had a plan all this time, through greed, through power to control people.
But as the hand of the Lord came into it, their hands would be crushed.
Their hands would be removed and there would be no way anymore for them to suppress this new cure.
So, will it come from Russia and trigger it in America?
I don't know.
Something to watch.
I just think it's kind of interesting how what the Lord told us in prayer is starting to come out in the natural.
And here we see a word that God gave us on this channel to pray over.
And so many people have asked me, "Brandon, where's the cure?
Where's it coming from?
" Because I told you, I saw the company.
I saw the lab.
I saw the company that comes out in America.
And everybody's like, "Tell me.
I want to invest.
" I said, "I'm not going to.
It's not for you to enrich yourself with money because of this.
" And yeah, this company will probably be worth billions of dollars.
Billions.
I don't know, because there are a lot of people overcoming this stuff.
But when this comes out, the way the Lord showed me was it was about a rescue for this people.
And then there would be cures for Alzheimer's, preventative, so it wouldn't spread, so if you found out you had it, you could take this and you could live out the fullness of your life, stopping it from accelerating.
Does that make sense?
There were things coming for dementia and Alzheimer's that would stop and put a block in your brain so that it would not keep escalating to the point where you deteriorate in your mind to the point where you die that way.
But it stops the progression.
And I saw things of acceleration through AI technology, through cures that have plagued humanity that will come, and people say, "Should we take this?
" You can take it to the bank that if you have a loved one that is a believer who is believing for a cure for anything, God is a God that brings good things; the devil's a bad devil.
If it's a vaccination, I don't know if I trust it as much, I'm going to be real with you.
If it's some kind of shot, like the COVID shot where they all said they had it, I don't trust shots.
I personally do not, because of what my daughters went through.
But if I have a little pill and I see that it's coming along and it's helping people out—like some diabetes pills have helped my family, they had diabetes and it's helped people extend their life and they lived a better life because of it—diabetics are really bad, it's bad.
But insulin or whatever, follow your peace.
Follow your peace.
That's right, babe, follow your peace.
Don't do something just because it's the new fad.
Trust in what your spirit tells you to do first, because all these people with Ozempic and all this stuff shooting it in their bodies all the time, I don't have peace about all that.
The doctor tried to push it on me, "You need to do that," because of my weight being heavy.
And I said, "No, I don't have any peace about that.
" "Well, you know, I believe this is brand new.
It's worked for so-and-so.
" But just because it's worked for other people doesn't mean it's for you, right?
And I told my doctor personally, I said, "I just don't feel peace about taking that.
" Now you hear about all these side effects and all this stuff that's coming out about this stuff, and I'm listening.
I said, "Just watch it for a little bit.
Let them perfect some things.
" Now, I believe that God uses medicine, and He uses miracles with supernatural divine intervention.
Both can be used.
I don't limit God and say, "God, I'm putting you in a box.
" If it's helping humanity, then it's good.
You know what I'm saying?
So, but I do not trust the FDA either, I'm just going to tell you.
I watch very carefully who's in charge and what's going on with our foods, with what's in all kinds of things.
So just trust, just follow the Spirit of God.
But I'm telling you what I have seen.
That's the whole purpose.
I'm not trying to tell you what to do with your body; I'm trying to tell you, I want you to pray about this and pray this through, because I believe what was a thing of the past will be something that's eradicated in the future.
There will be no more cancer in the days ahead.
All these people that you know, when you go to a healing ministry or whatever and you see what's going on, everybody up there is needing that to be healed, it seems like.
And the Lord told me it will become a thing of the past.
So, are we at the door of that?
Are we at the door of that?
I pray we are.
If Russia is able to really do this now, what did you tell me?
It stemmed off of the technological advancements of the COVID vaccination.
That's what they used, the technology that they found out from the COVID vaccine is what they used to make this.
This is what I was reading in the article.
Yeah.
So, that's kind of eerie right there because I mean, you know, that right there is like, okay.
But at the same time, the Lord warned us this was coming.
But I saw it that it would be a pill.
It looked like a supplement.
It was some kind of something.
Now, is it this?
I don't know, folks.
You know, you hear in part, you see in part.
And as I'm filtering what I'm seeing, just like it was with what's going on with the Pope.
Everybody sitting there, did you see what's happening with the revival in Rome and all of the youth gathering right now, saying they're having a new saint put into there, that this young kid?
And I told you the Catholic Church was desperate to reach out for the young people, and because of this they would try to create a revival in the Catholic Church to bring forth a lot of youth to the Catholic Church and to try to fan the flame because the elders were dying and the Catholic Church is in trouble.
Do you hear what I'm trying to tell you all?
I saw in the spirit, just like I'm telling you this, I saw the Catholic Church was in trouble with new youth converts.
So, they were going to try to create a buzz with this new pope to bring in the youth.
So they just did that this last week.
They brought a saint in of a young 20-some-year-old kid that had passed away, that they said that he healed two children, two other kids or whatever.
And there's only a thousand saints or whatever from what we were reading.
And they were saying that he was coming in and they were going to make this young man a new saint.
Well, all these youth came and they said, "This is an extension of peace to the youth.
This is an extension of something to happen with the youth to stir up revival in the youth.
" Well, I saw an Asian man, if all y'all remember—I'm sure y'all do, you won't let me forget sometime—an Asian man that was going to bring revival in the Asian community with it, like an Asian pope.
Well, that man was announced.
I haven't heard anything about him since, but the Lord showed me revival in the youth, revival in the Asians, trying to revive a new spring of growth in the Catholic community with the Asians, with the youth.
Both, I told you, the Lord showed me this.
Now, we're seeing the youth, it just happened, and we see the Asians, but I haven't heard anything more about that.
So, we see what we're praying about is coming about on the news.
Great shaking in the Catholic Church.
And this will be a representation as you see this great shaking in Italy, in the Roman Catholic Church.
You're going to see this is the beginning of a new era, a new shaking.
I see this.
It's like what I said to you all yesterday: a revival breaking out in the Catholic Church.
And it will come through the young people.
I see the young coming up, glory to the Lord, coming up in the Catholic Church.
I see it all in the Catholic Church.
A fresh fire in the youth breaking away from old traditions, bringing in new things, new things, new things.
The glory taking out all of it.
This is like a well that is all stopped up.
And this is a well that I would say never had water in it.
Never.
But the Lord's going to bring living water.
The youth are going to drink from this.
You're going to see this in the days ahead.
But a great shaking will take place in the Catholic Church.
That's what we're seeing as of this last week.
Great shaking.
It's the beginning.
There's going to be many more go home by the graveside.
A cleaning of the house.
It's almost like you see a purging, a purging come forth in the Catholic Church.
A lot of people going home.
A lot of people starting to go home, like priests, older priests, like you see them.
It's a cleansing of the house and a new generation, a new way of thinking, not liberal.
The hearts of the youth are crying out for a river, for the manifestations of the glory, for they don't even know what they're crying out.
They're just searching, they're searching.
Oh, but He's cleaning out the stone, He's cleaning out the debris out of the well.
There's a great well.
I see a well.
And in this well, it's been sealing it off and no one's getting out of that well.
But the Lord said, "I'm going to break that well open.
And there's going to come a mighty rushing water come up out of that well.
You're going to see it.
And it will come to pass at last.
And the great, mighty move of My presence is coming, and a mighty rushing wind in the Catholic Church.
Many will try to put it out.
I see these old men with red suits on, like they're all religious, they're like Pharisees.
They're going home like this, like that, like this, like that.
They're going to go boop.
They're going to go, for they've been standing in the way of My move today.
Woe unto you that try to hold Me back and won't let Me move through.
They'll be going, going, going, but they're not coming up here of Me.
" He's warned and warned and warned, for a judgment will come now.
I see it.
And I told you all last broadcast, I said, "You heard it here first, folks, before you heard it on the news.
" We want to become the news.
We want to be the news before the news has it.
They're old news.
If you're hearing the news, it's way behind in the spirit realm.
If you're hearing the news, you're months behind.
What's happening in the spirit realm happens sometimes a year in advance, two years in advance in prayer.
We cultivate this in prayer.
And that's what God has brought us up in this channel to pray these things through what we're seeing on the news.
Now, the other thing was, you know, President Trump made that tweet, X post, or whatever it was, his Truth Social, sorry, too many platforms.
I go, "My goodness, there are too many platforms.
" His Truth Social, saying, "Well, it looks like India, Russia, and China have won.
They're going to join their BRICS and they're going to do all that, congratulations to them, whatever.
" He made that kind of a remark, but it was about Venezuela and Saudi Arabia eventually and all these other.
And if you remember what I told you, I saw it in the spirit realm arising in the Middle East with Iraq, and I saw a new spring of wealth coming out of Iraq, and the buildings and the palm trees like a new Palm Springs, like a beautiful new establishment of things in the future, which could be looking into the tribulation of wealth coming in the Middle East for the Antichrist to rise out of.
Because I believe the Mahdi comes out of the Middle East.
He comes out of Saudi Arabia.
I've always said that.
And so, we see all these things coming to pass is what I'm trying to say.
We see the BRICS nations rising.
We see Donald Trump paddling his canoe as fast as he can, trying to keep America from going over the waterfall.
Paddling his canoe.
I mean, he's struggling.
But the Lord said, "As America is lining up with Israel, it will be an extension of My grace, for a blessing of the Abrahamic covenant will be breathed on in a way this generation has never seen before.
For a blessing to come upon those that bless Israel, I will bless, and those that curse Israel, I will curse.
" And as we see Emmanuel Macron coming, as I said, the forerunner of the tilling of the soil to bring forth the Antichrist agenda.
That's what they're all saying: "Who's going to line up with us?
Who's on our side?
Who's on the world's side?
Who's on God's side?
Who's on the Antichrist's side?
" And here we have Emmanuel Macron rolling this thing out, and it's all coming like the Lord told us it would in the month of September to remember.
We have the 23rd, and they want to have this week that's in two weeks.
We have this major UN meeting starting in, I believe, the next couple of days.
High-level week starting at the UN, right?
So it's the 23rd.
It starts on the 21st, but the discussions are supposed to be on the 23rd and the 24th for Israel.
The two-state solution, that's when they're going to talk about it, right?
Yeah.
So, that's a very important week.
And that was what the Lord was showing me, praying over Trump's heart, praying over this thing because this was an extension of blessing for America, for oil pipelines.
I'm telling you all, I saw a season of financial breakthrough where it was a thin layer of gold.
A thin layer of gold.
But is it real gold?
That's not what its representation is.
It's a type and shadow of something.
The Lord's showing me it's a thin layer of blessing.
That was a wave.
And He said, "Ride the wave.
" And a wave doesn't last long, and a gold streak does not last.
Something like that you can pick up in your pockets, but it's something you can't build on.
You have to have a deep foundation to build a house on.
You don't build a house on a foundation this thin, but you can get blessed off of it if you're using wisdom, if you're hearing Him.
And that's why I said I'm believing for Him to sign new back in February when I prophesied and I told you all what the Lord said.
He said a foundation, a new foundation for a new industrial revolution to bring in the beast system was being laid, and laws bringing it out of the wild, wild West would become something of a modern society that people are too afraid of right now.
But the elders are about to put their money in it.
The old money is about to bring in with the new money, and it's going to bring in a one-world currency eventually, a beast system eventually.
And that's where it's all headed to.
How do you know that, Brandon?
Yes, it does; it lines up with the Word, folks.
The Bible tells us that we'll have a one-world government.
We'll have a beast system.
We're going to have all this stuff.
The Bible tells us; it warns us of all these things that are coming.
Signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, signs in politics, signs in the church.
It's time for you to open your eyes and look at the signs that Jesus Christ is coming.
He's coming, and He's coming sooner than you realize.
Well, you've heard that, Brandon.
You told us three years.
I'm praying personally on this channel, but we're praying for a three-year window to the next Shemitah cycle for a big harvest of souls that will start, I believe, whenever we have that blessing agreement on the 23rd saying the United States of America will stand with Israel and we won't agree with the two-state solution.
Now, if Trump comes out and divides Israel and says, "We're agreeing we want to split Israel" and all that stuff, then you better run from the New Madrid fault line.
You better run.
You have three days.
Three days if we split Israel.
I've seen it for a blessing and a cursing.
And as I saw Canada going with the two-state solution, we pray that Canada does not.
I saw British Columbia have the worst earthquake in history, where 30,000 people perish that day on the coastline.
Now, when will that take place?
I don't know.
I'm not going to put a timeline on the prophetic of what I see.
It could be days.
It could be weeks.
It could be months.
I have no idea.
When you're seeing in the spirit, it looks like it's right in front of your face after they make that decision that it will happen right then.
I know what the Lord told me: that if America divides it, it will be three days.
He spoke to me specifically, and He said in three days, if this is decided, it will happen.
Now, He did not give me that kind of a stern warning concerning Canada, but I know that it will be—this is what He did say—this will be the beginning of the sheep and the goats.
Who will be the sheep nations, and who will be the goat nations?
And this will be the beginning of the point of no return in September when it comes to the end times.
We are in that point of the waterfall.
And He said this is the time where there will be no epidural whenever you're in labor, and this is the time where the doctor says, "Hun, it's time to push.
" And the Lord said to me we're at the point of this September.
He said, "You're at the point of no return.
" Didn't He say it so many times?
Now I try to count them all, how many times He said, "This is the point of no return.
This will be a time of a great acceleration in things like you've never seen before, coming into this September.
" We're here, and there was fog all over the month of September, but it started on the 5th.
There was a calendar in the vision, and the fog started on the 5th and it went all the way through, and the further it went down, the thicker the fog.
And it was circled in a bloodline.
It looked like a circle of red was around the month of September.
Then it was divided with a black line between October and September, and He said, "Watch them both.
Watch them both.
" But October was faded.
It had a haze over it, which I don't understand because it was foggy, but a haze almost like you're looking through something that's transparent in October.
Then it had a sandy haze all over September, but the Lord said this will be a time for—and this word was given to us clear back in, was it March?
Somewhere around there, March.
And so we've been praying over that since then.
We're here now.
We're in the month of September.
And as we head into the fall, He said it was a time of great acceleration of finances to believe for this, to see the wealth transfer, to believe for the wealth transfer, for the wealth of the wicked to be laid up for the righteous.
And He said, "You'll have to pray into this, for this is Satan's wheelhouse, what he is the best at.
" You see, you can't just sit there and go, "Well, I'm just waiting for it.
" You're going to have to contend.
You have to be a contender.
You have to fight for the right to have it.
Don't say, "Well, I'm just going to wait.
Oh, it's just going to happen.
" No, I did not see that.
I saw you would have to till the ground.
You would have to be listening to Him on what to do with your finances to reap it.
And I'm telling you folks, that's what it is with a lot of things.
It feels like in the spirit realm, you are grabbing a hold of things and saying, "I am not letting go until you bless me.
" Like it was with, I believe it was Jacob.
Yeah, it was Jacob.
And he grabbed a hold of that angel, and he said, "I'm not letting go until you bless me.
" And the angel hit his hip; he walked with a limp the rest of his life, but he got his blessing.
He got his blessing.
But I'm going to tell you this: I don't want no angel hitting me in the hip.
I need to walk right.
But I'm believing God for the blessing.
I'm believing God that I have tither's rights, that whatsoever man soweth, that will he also reap, that He said He provides seed for the sower, and He said He would take care of us 30, 60, and 100-fold on what we sow.
Now Diana and I believe in tithing.
Diana and I believe in giving extra.
And we have seen increase and are believing for more, believing for more, and that God has great things in store for 2025, 2026, going into 2027, before this major thing I've seen coming, going into 2026 trying to disrupt the elections.
What I've warned you about for the elections of 2026 for "the year of the fix," for them to try to make it look like the economy is amazing so that everybody wants to vote red.
But we need to pray over that because I've seen a great shaking coming to New York because of the decisions they make.
New York will be shaken.
And I saw buildings and fires throughout New York.
And I saw people fleeing New York like cockroaches when they turn on the light.
Everybody was trying to get away.
And I saw bad things coming up in New York City, shaking in major cities.
But He said, "The greater the blue, the greater the harvest.
" And I believe for a major harvest of souls in Hollywood and in Minneapolis, Minnesota, to all these areas.
But everybody, I'm telling you, it's not just about America.
This is about the world.
But I'm stationed in America, so I pray over America.
Diana and I, we pray over it because we live here.
But you pray over your area.
And I believe there'll be watchmen raised up in your area, for Berlin, for France, for Paris, and all these major areas, all around the world from Australia to every place on this planet.
I'm believing for a major harvest of souls, that it's not about America.
There's only 350 million people here.
But I'm believing for the whole world to have a major outpouring of the Spirit of God like we've never seen before.
And people are going to come from everywhere, from sea to shining sea.
We're going to have a major revival.
That's what the Lord said, "Believe for five billion.
" I'm like, "Okay.
" Souls.
Five billion souls to the kingdom of God.
Believe for a five-billion harvest of souls, people getting born again.
That's amazing because Braden was doing with Matthew, he goes, "Dad, do you realize when the Lord said believe big, that's stretching?
" That's stretching because God doesn't have small on His mind.
God's not a small-thinking God; God's a big-thinking God.
And that encouraged me.
I just thought, "You know, your capacity of your tent needs to grow.
" I told Diana, I said, "Five billion, Lord?
Lord, You think big.
" He's a big God, but the way I think is this: "Well, if we can get a million people saved, we're great.
" He's like, "You need to think bigger.
A hundred million is not enough.
We need to believe for hundreds of millions because the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
" I don't know how many laborers there are out there, but I'm praying that you all are laborers.
I'm praying every one of you of this channel are people that are hungry and thirsty and are seeking God daily, saying, "God, here am I.
Use me.
Here am I.
Use my wife, use my children.
Use us for the kingdom of God.
" Whatever we get, Father, in our storehouse, we'll use it for You.
Father, I thank You that I know that what we sow on this side, we're going to reap big in heaven.
We may reap here on this earth too, but I'm telling you, I can't even imagine how cool my house is going to look.
I'm just going to believe God for big stuff, that my rewards in heaven are going to be even bigger than what I get on this earth.
Whenever I get over there, He's going to say, "Well done, Braden.
Look what I got for you.
" It's going to be something cool.
Everybody says, "You know that castle you saw when you went there?
That's probably your castle.
" I don't know, folks.
All I know is I'm believing for big, and it's going to be exceedingly abundantly above all that you dare ask or think, and it's all according to your faith.
What do you believe God will do for you?
What do you believe He'll do for your household?
I'm believing for Megan.
I'm believing for restoration.
And not only for her to talk, but restitution for all the cankerworm has eaten and the time I had to raise her up, right?
I'm calling forth restitution, that everything the cankerworm ate, what the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn it around for good in my favor.
And you believe the same for you.
You say, "Well, I've lost twenty years of her life.
She's been in a room a lot, and you doing all these things, and I haven't got to really ever know her because she's been overcoming autism.
" Well, I'm believing God for restitution.
When He told the woman with the issue of blood, "Daughter, be thou made whole," it was spirit, soul, and body, but it was finances too.
It was restitution for everything she had lost.
I'm believing for restitution for you, that what the devil meant for bad, He's going to have to restore back to you everything that the cankerworm ate.
And He said, the Bible says, "If the thief be found, make him pay back double.
" And I say, "Double for my trouble.
" It's time to believe for double for your trouble.
Restitution time.
And I believe it will be a time that we've never seen before.
It's time.
We're going to see a mighty move of the wave of God, of the finances, for the outpouring, for the healing, for demonstrations, manifestations of the glory, for everything that we've been believing for.
We're going to see it.
And He told us, we're going to see people rise up that we've never seen before, that have a voice that comes seemingly out of nowhere.
And you're going to go, "Where in the world did this person come from?
" He said, "I'm bringing up new Davids.
I'm bringing up new Esthers, new Hannahs, new all of them.
" And you're going to say, "My goodness, there's such an anointing on their ministry.
Where did that come from?
" Are you a David?
Are you a Hannah?
Are you an Esther?
Has God called you to the kingdom for such a time as this?
Are you one that can be used?
Are you saying, "Here am I, Father, use me," or are you just standing back saying, "Well, you know, the ship's coming by again.
I don't know if that's mine.
" I tell you what, Diana and I are on that boat saying, "Here we go.
Let's put some turbos on the deck and let's get this job done so we can go home.
" That's why we believe in having altar calls.
That's why we believe in praying for the sick.
When you come around us, if you say, "Hey, Brandon, will you pray for me?
" I'm going to pray for you.
I believe that even in spite of all the things you may see around me, with even my daughter overcoming, God's still a healer.
Megan does not validate the word of God.
The word of God validates itself.
It doesn't need Megan to have fruit to show you that God's a healer.
God's word is true regardless of Megan's circumstances.
God's true regardless of my circumstances.
You can still believe in prosperity even if you're dirt broke.
Do you understand?
He said that He would provide seed for you.
He would take care of you.
He said in Deuteronomy 28, "You will lend unto many nations and you will not borrow.
" That's a word that doesn't have to line up with your circumstances for it to be true.
The word of God is true regardless of your circumstances.
I'm not moved by what I see.
I'm not moved by what I feel.
I'm moved by what the word of God says.
And that's why I say I stand upon the word of God regardless of what my circumstances are trying to yell at me.
They're subject to change.
So that's what you have to believe for in these last days.
Regardless of where you are, believe for the impossible in your circumstances, and it will change.
I believe, like I've said a thousand times, that there's an expiration date for what you're going through.
There's sunny days ahead.
There's beautiful days with no clouds in the sky.
And you can say, "I can see clearly now, the rain is gone.
" Remember that.
I believe that for you, that you can see clearly now that the rain is gone, all obstacles are out of your way, right?
It's going to be a bright, bright sunshiny day.
It's time to have fun.
The fun has just begun.
Remember what the Spirit of the Lord says.
But I'm trying to tell you all to stir yourself up today, to have expectation for what God is about to do in your life.
So, we're going to pray.
I'll tell you a little something to encourage you, and you can fast-forward it if you want to.
I told Diana, 'They want to pray.
' I said, 'Let's pray.
' But I have always tried to encourage you to keep your head up, to believe God for big things.
So, we're going to believe God today and we're going to pray.
Whatever you have need of in your body, I believe there's an expiration date to it, like I said.
And Father, we take this body in the name of Jesus, and we come before you boldly.
And we know that you're the healer, you're the deliverer, and you came to set the captives free, not to bind them up.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for your healing power that flows on the inside of us.
I bless every single one of them in the name of Jesus, and we call them healed and whole and well in the mighty name of Jesus.
And we take this body right now.
Lord, we plead the blood of Jesus, and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over every single one of us and over our sins today.
And we thank you, Lord.
There's a bloodline that covers all around our house.
There's a bloodline that covers around our finances.
There's a bloodline that covers over us right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that as the flu season comes on, Father, I thank you, Lord, that by your stripes, we're healed.
We don't deal with flu season.
We don't deal with sickness and disease.
We don't participate in what the devil tries to do every single year.
We walk in divine health in the mighty name of Jesus.
Amen and amen.
Everybody say, 'Glory, glory.
' Father, we just lift up our time before you, Father, and we thank you, Lord.
If there's anything you want to show us today as we pray, we plead the blood over our eyes, over me, Father, that I hear your voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
And we'll follow you, God, and we'll hear you.
And I thank you, Lord, that you said that your young men will see visions, your old men will dream dreams.
And we thank you, Lord, we stand on that scripture today, that we'll see as a watchman and we'll see as an eagle, and we stand on the perch and you'll show us that which is to come.
And we believe that we have eyes to see what the Spirit has to show us in the mighty name of Jesus, that we prepare ourselves and we pray.
And we thank you, Lord, we humble ourselves and pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for this time of prayer in the name of Jesus.
Now, I'm just going to pray in the Spirit.
I'll just pray in tongues; you pray with me.
And if you know how to pray in tongues—if you don't, you can pray in English, pray whatever you know how to pray—but I pray in the Spirit, pray in tongues according to Acts chapter 2, being filled with the Holy Ghost and fire.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for today.
I'm still focused all around New York.
It's just all around New York.
You feel it?
It's just when I'm pushing into that, it's about praying over that city concerning 9/11 again.
It's concerning 9/11 again, protecting against any kind of surprise attacks from any drone attacks.
Do you understand?
Praying over this airspace, praying all around the city, praying over surprise attacks on 9/11.
There'll be much heightened security, but it's the lone wolf, these things.
It's a massive city.
There's many buildings.
Do you understand?
That's what the Lord is doing, praying over every single area, praying over to diffuse, to uncover any plot, any plan that the wicked would try to do in garages, parking garages, with the vans, with the trucks.
Praying over the vans, praying over fertilizer in vans and the trucks again, praying over these areas for protection over our capitals, over our cities for a de-escalation of any kind of hidden agenda in this, for the anniversary, praying over our cities, praying over our time.
You say, even over Israel.
Praying over Israel, it was just highlighted to me immediately when I said that.
I saw Jerusalem again, and instantaneously I saw this.
I saw Israel—not just about America.
It went boom, and I saw Israel really big about 9/11, and I don't know, that's interesting.
It's because it intertwined someone from America, from New York to Israel, and it was highlighted.
We cover our nation.
We cover Israel.
We cover Jerusalem.
We cover the people.
We cover peace over both areas, over our cities, over Washington, D.
C.
, over our main areas of business.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for divine protection over our people.
Father, concerning 9/11 and the days after, we call a hedge of protection around this nation in the name of Jesus, that every plot, every plan of the wicked would be brought to light in the name of Jesus.
That there will be no weapon formed against us that will prosper.
A thousand shall fall at our side and ten thousand at our right hand, but it shall not come nigh.
We cover our nation.
We cover this land in the name of Jesus, going even into the holiday season, Father.
Okay, so right now it's highlighted before me now: October, November, December, praying over these months, closing out this year.
Each one of them is highlighted with buildings.
Each one of those months is highlighted with buildings, high-rise buildings with lights on.
Now, that's interesting.
I don't see danger when I'm seeing that; it's about economics, because the buildings, their lights are on in each one of those months.
And the months that are highlighted the most are November and December, and there are more lights on in the buildings.
So I think that's kind of interesting when the Lord's showing us that.
We pray over every one of our churches today.
We pray over the churches.
We pray over no longer attacks on the churches.
We thank you now.
Father, we pray over Don Jr.
right now in the name of Jesus.
His face came up before me, and I see him in that white tux again.
I pray over his body.
I pray over him that no weapon formed against him will prosper.
I cover him.
We pray a hedge of protection around his family.
I see John Hagee for some reason, and he was highlighted to me, and Cornerstone Church there.
He was highlighted to me, and I don't ever see that.
We pray over his heart.
We pray over his heart, over every artery of his heart, over his heart, over his body.
We pray over him that he's healthy, whole, and well.
With long life, you will satisfy him and show him your salvation.
I thank you.
With long life, you have held John Hagee in your hand.
We pray a hedge around John Hagee right now in the name of Jesus, over his life.
Father, I thank you, Lord, protecting him from strokes or anything concerning his health.
I pray over his heart, I pray over his health in the name of Jesus, over his blood pressure, over his body.
Oh, Father, I thank you, Lord, from the top of his head to the soles of his feet, he's healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Oh, yeah.
That's definitely—I'm praying over this man.
He's highlighted to me.
Now I see this church, and I see a new man with a white shirt on with a golden jacket, and I see revival coming to this church.
A new wave of something in this church.
Something is about to take place in this church with a man with a golden jacket.
It almost looks like designs on this jacket.
And in this, I see a golden jacket on a man with a white shirt.
It's a shiny, metallic-looking jacket.
It's really beautiful.
As I look into this, I see him there, and I see a man preaching with fire.
Preaching with fire.
Oh, he's talking about raising up these churches.
There's churches all around.
He's praying into each city.
And I'm praying into these churches.
You understand?
And I'm seeing in each of these churches a wave of the glory, a wave.
Praying for your city, praying for your pastor, praying for these major places of gatherings.
I'm praying for the revival right now.
I'm praying for the revival.
I can see new ministers, new faces, and new places.
He's setting the place up for the greatest grace explosion this world has ever seen.
People are being put in position right now.
Elders will go home.
New ones will rise up and take the baton for this great revival that's about to take place.
And he said, 'Pray into this revival.
Pray into this revival for every city, every state, for the harvest is plentiful and the laborers are few.
' He's looking for the hearts of men today.
He's looking for the hearts of men today.
I can see him across Europe.
I can see him across Australia.
New churches, a new foundation of great revival, a new revival in these cities.
Established places.
They're established places.
They already have a name.
It's like a fire again.
Do you know, whenever you put new wine in new wineskins, the oil is being applied to these new wineskins?
They're getting ready for a major revival.
You'll see elders go home.
And with the elders going home, there are new faces, new ideas, new ways to get the revival to go.
And a new flame will flow.
A new flame will flow in these places.
And I'm seeing churches and churches all across this land, a major revival again.
Raising up leaders with integrity.
Raising up leaders with backbone.
Raising up leaders with the fire in their belly, in the name of Jesus.
Stir, stir, stir a revival, a revival, a revival, an awakening under God.
He's given warning after warning to some that his time has come and they have not heard and taken heed to what he has said to them.
He's warning and warning, and with certain individuals, he's warned to change certain things with egos.
It's like they stand in the way of what he tries to do when he tries to flow through.
And he said, 'If need be, they'll be removed.
' He's running out of time.
Just be pliable like a new wineskin with the new wine.
Be pliable so that the new wine doesn't burst the vessel.
Do you understand?
Be pliable with oil, with the glory, with the presence of the Lord, the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Let it flow through you and change you so that the new wine doesn't burst the old wineskin.
Be a new wineskin.
Do you understand?
The Lord is wanting to do something through some of you.
And you have been a wall.
No, a dam.
Let it flow or you'll be removed.
Do you understand?
And he'll bring somebody else in to replace you.
I see so many that he's knocking at their door and saying, 'Will you do this?
' He's been working on them for so long.
And I'm not talking about the man that I talked about earlier.
This is another side of a vision, so I want to make that clear.
I'm not talking about Cornerstone.
I'm separating this vision, because people try to lump it all together.
You can't lump it all together.
I'm seeing a picture that keeps moving.
He's saying, 'New people, new faces.
Elders going home.
New faces.
' A rising up of a new church, a rising up of a new revival, a rising up of new people.
But then there are those who are semi-older that have been a wall.
And I see certain men—you've been a wall and you say, 'This is the way,' and you have an ego, a resume, a big head.
And he said he can't get through to you to say it's time for you to become pliable with new oil so that the new wine doesn't burst the vessel.
You have to be pliable for what he's about to do in this last outpouring, this new push.
This is going to be something you've never seen before.
For the Lord Jesus is standing at the door.
And I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'A new wave of my glory, a new wave.
' And in these churches—I see mega-seat churches for a revival.
People are going to be coming.
They're established.
You don't tear them down, you just bring somebody new.
They're established buildings that take years to pay off, years to build for a four- or five-thousand-seat auditorium.
He means, 'I need this for my harvest now.
' Do you understand?
People go, 'Well, we'll just use...
' No, buildings take years to build, some of the big ones, right?
Major auditoriums take a lot of time.
We're out of time.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to do a new thing,' establishing old churches with a fresh touch, a fresh fire, a fresh Holy Ghost flow on these places.
A brand-new river, a brand-new stream, something like you've never seen.
It's going to be fresh.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how you think it's going to be.
Be open and let the Spirit move for you.
Do you understand?
That's what I heard the spirit of the Lord say.
Don't have a preconceived idea of what you might see.
Be open and let the spirit of the Lord flow free.
That's what the spirit of the Lord just said.
Let the Holy Spirit flow free.
Let him flow.
That's why he said, 'Remember William Seymour put the box on his head?
' I just heard that out of the spirit.
Remember William Seymour put the box on his head to hear how the Spirit would lead.
Die to self.
Put the box on your head in your area of your life.
What does it take?
Put a box on your head like William Seymour.
Die to self.
Put it on your head so that you'll be led by the spirit of the Lord in each service.
Don't have a preconceived idea of how it should be done.
This is why he put the box on his head, listening for how it's supposed to be.
And then, whenever the Lord said to take the box off, then the Holy Ghost moved in that day.
But he put the box on his head and everybody laughed.
But that's exactly what he was instructed to do so that he would be led, not by his head, but by the spirit of the Lord.
I hear the spirit of the Lord so clear concerning this.
What is your box?
What is he wanting you to do so that you remain pliable for him to work through?
Thank you, Holy Spirit.
Stay open.
I see Lakewood Church, that massive arena.
The Lord said, 'Believe for bigger.
Believe for a bigger move of God.
' Even with Joel, a bigger move, for a greater harvest in Houston.
A greater harvest in Houston.
Don't count people out because you have a preconceived idea of who you think they are.
God will use who he wants to use and he'll pour out his spirit upon all flesh if you just say yes.
Here am I, Lord, send me.
I'm telling you, it'll be a revival like you've never seen before.
This is going to be something amazing from shore to shore.
That's what the Lord said.
You're going to see a revival like you've never seen before from shore to shore.
A harvest in America, from the border all the way down to the Gulf.
It'll be like popcorn, like he's talking about the popcorn all going off.
You'll see popcorn; they'll start popping.
They're going to start a revival that will just start popping like popcorn in a pan.
You'll see it popping.
They're going to start happening.
It's going to start in universities, and it'll start spreading in major universities.
I see revival in major universities again, like Alabama—major revival.
I don't know why Alabama just stood out to me: Alabama, the University of Alabama.
ORU, major universities, major revival in the most unlikely places—on live streams, Facebook live streams, things like that, revival breaking out similar to what we're doing right now.
I'm talking about Holy Ghost movements.
Thank you, God.
Thank you, Lord.
And it will spring forth all throughout South America.
I'm seeing South America, a major revival in the Latino communities.
I'm telling you, major revival in stadiums, in Latino communities—major revival, major harvest in these areas.
It stands out so clear to me.
I see all of South America.
I'm talking a wave of the presence of God throughout South America.
It's going to happen—I'm telling you, I could name off everywhere: Asia, all of them, Africa, Europe—no nation will be left out.
You will have to resist it.
'I don't want this in my church.
We're not going to have that.
' Well, you won't have it.
But if you just say yes, your church will have new growth and new people like you've never seen before.
And people will come from all over trying to come just to get a fresh touch, similar to what we do.
You won't have to travel so far.
The Lord says, 'Diana, we won't have to travel so far to say, I need a fresh touch.
You won't have to go to Florida to get a fresh touch.
You'll be able to have a fresh touch in your backyard if you just want it.
' You know what I'm saying?
It's in places unlike you have ever seen, unlikely places like, 'Really, there?
' He sees the hunger.
He sees the cry.
And He's shaking to awaken, a shaking to awaken.
Glory to God!
I am so excited about this.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you, Lord, for that.
I'm excited about it, for everything I'm seeing—a shaking in these churches, praying over our president, praying over the protection.
This is not a pause.
I'm seeing more revival.
September's a hot month.
Glory to God!
I'm like, 'Lord, what sets this revival off?
Let's just get this done, Lord, for the coming of the Son.
' Thank you, Father.
What will we see first, Lord?
An economic boom for the finances for the church is what You've always told me.
The outpouring of the finances comes first—then first the blade, then the ear, then the full manifestation.
We're going to start to see it, for the finances come first—jet fuel for the rocket.
Lord, we need that.
Has it already come?
Have we been a part of it?
Are we there?
Is that part of us there?
I mean, what you try to reason in your mind, you know, how you try to see when you're looking at a vision, 'How's that going to happen?
' Because I'm telling you, this is going to be amazing, y'all.
I'm excited about it, but I'm just anticipating because I'm watching on the wall going, 'Okay, what happens first?
What domino happens first?
' A shaking to awaken, financial blessing on the church, and then all the stuff with Israel.
I'm seeing Israel and praying over Israel and seeing all this stuff going on.
It's all a time of great acceleration.
Everything seems to be happening at once.
It's not like one thing and then you pray another.
It's all happening at once.
Glory to God!
Thank you, Lord.
Hallelujah!
Well, aren't you glad you came today?
I'm glad I came today.
We prayed over some things.
We just want to say thank you for joining us.
If you're new here, could you please like and subscribe?
Click the notification bell for us.
Be a part of our little prayer team here.
We're growing and growing and growing.
Braden said, 'Hey, Daddy, we're up to 900 subscribers in Germany.
' If you're German-speaking and you don't speak English and you're watching this right now, we have a German channel for you.
Go over there and check it out.
We have like six videos up over there, and Braden's working really hard to get everything up to date for the Germans.
But there's over 900 new subscribers over there, and we're excited that you're excited to be a part of our German channel.
So if you're over there and you're watching, we found out a lot of you are Catholic.
So that's wonderful.
We're so excited our Catholic brothers and sisters are coming over to the German channel to watch us over there.
And so we have so many new faces in Germany, in Portuguese, and all of Japan, and I can go on and on and on.
But it's so amazing to see what the Lord is doing, raising up these prayer armies throughout the whole world.
And I believe that's what it's going to take—having prayer armies everywhere.
So we'll pray more and more and more.
I tried to tell you all what the Lord had in store at the beginning of it to keep it short, so hopefully it stirs you up.
But it's free to subscribe.
Yeah, it's free to subscribe; it doesn't cost you anything.
It's just a click, click, click.
So we just try to keep it around an hour of praying and a little bit of word for you to keep you stirred up, keep you going, keep your meat on your bones, and get you excited about your day.
I'm really excited about my day already; I'm ready to go conquer the world.
So God bless you all, and we will see you again.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we will see you again soon.
Bye-bye.